It's my fucking end
Guys stinky guy
Come on, who's afraid of who?
Just because you are my opponent?
Isn't this still your daughter-in-law?
Why don't you even want Wu Tian's wife's life?
If Xiaoti and I get hurt today
You don't have a wife
Hold your hands
Don't sleep with Mrs. Wu
Li Jiahao let him go
I can let you go
Forgive me, your fucking brain is out of water, right?
Zhang Shuai's team will come in soon
Is it you who should go?
Zhang Deshuai can't score
You don't have to get your hopes up.
The yellow liger has run out of ammunition
What does he fight with?
You thought we didn't know, did you?
Wu Tian, you can't defeat the second young master
How can I betroth Xiaojun to you?
I'm so blind
Since you think Zhang Deshuai can win
Then I asked him where his soldiers were
Drop your weapon now
You have no chance
Hearing the words
Don't listen to him
Zhang Shuai's team will arrive in a while
Hold on for me
Exactly.
I'm here, Zhang Shuai will be here soon.
How did my brother do it?
You all saw it
Don't be deceived by this kid
The eldest young master has a letter
What's the letter?
Did Zhang Shuai enter the city?
Letter from my brother
Do you hear me?
Zhang Shuai's army must have come in
Are you all fucking waiting to die?
No, the eldest young master said that the plan has changed
The soldiers who came out did not come in
Ah!